#### Everything you can place in a variable is an object, and every object is an instance of a class. 

    Everything you can place in a variable is an object, and every object is an instance of a class. 
    Even numbers, functions, and null are objects. All objects inherit from the Object class.

    Although Dart is strongly typed, no need to mention types because Dart can infer types. 
    var i = 10;
    
    When you want to explicitly say that no type is expected, use the special type dynamic.
    dynamic d = 100;  
    Object o = 100; //prefferred
    

    Dart supports generic types, 
    like List<int> (a list of integers) or List<dynamic> (a list of objects of any type).

    Dart supports top-level functions (such as main()), 
    as well as functions tied to a class or object (static and instance methods, respectively). 
    You can also create functions within functions (nested or local functions).
    * function can exist individually or can be declared inside class
  


    Dart supports top-level variables, as well as variables tied to a class or object (static and instance variables). 
    Instance variables are sometimes known as fields or properties.
    * variables can be declared outside function and class. similar to python

    Unlike Java, Dart doesn’t have the keywords public, protected, and private. 
    If an identifier starts with an underscore (_), it’s private to its library. 
    
    
    Identifiers can start with a letter or underscore (_), followed by any combination of those characters plus digits.

    
    Dart tools can report two kinds of problems: warnings and errors. 
    Warnings are just indications that your code might not work, but they don’t prevent your program from executing. 
    Errors can be either compile-time or run-time. 
    A compile-time error prevents the code from executing at all; 
    a run-time error results in an exception being raised while the code executes.
